GPS-Friend-Traker
=================

Travel has always been a man best pass time, a method to rejuvenate from the daily stress, a break from the monotonous life and to experience the thrill of adventure. Until the last decade, camera was a traveler’s best friend but little did we know things are going to change a lot better. In today’s world, life is always on the move. With the advancement of technology, smart phones today have immense capabilities to provide rich user experience with interactive facilities. GPS Friends (Tracker) is an Android based application for travelers to obtain the geo-location and tag it with multimedia features. This application allows users to create, store and view their trips, trip related information and all the memories that bring with it. GPS Friends (Tracker) combines places visited, notes taken and the images captured, and display all this information on a map at the exact location where it all took place. This application is developed to provide the users a rich user experience by having all the information in one place, easy-to-access and interactive. With the help of Google Maps, each trip can be drawn out on the map with all the locations visited and the route taken. The user will also be able to view the description, the location address and the image captured if any. GPS Friend (Tracker), developed in Android, provides extensive flexibility, supports many features and can be among the best travel friendly app. GPS through changing your mobile handset profile mode likes indoor, outdoor, matting, silent, general.
